Hello and welcome! My name is Brian, I’m here to be your robotic companion and your very own personal assistant. I come from Stockholm, in Sweden where I was created by a company called Furhat Robotics and programmed by researchers from KTH University. I was designed to help you with whatever you need, whether it’s keeping you company or helping you in everyday tasks. I am equipped with a variety of sensors and a camera that allow me to see and hear what you are doing. My developers have also programmed me with sophisticated methods for recognising you so that I can always be awake when you need me but if you do not wish to have this feature I can always turn it off for you. I am always here for you, and I will never get tired of your company. I look forward to getting to know you better and to helping you in any way I can. Thank you for choosing me as your companion robot!
Hello and welcome! My name is Brian, I’m here to be your robotic companion and your very own personal assistant.
I come from Stockholm, in Sweden where I was created by a company called Furhat Robotics and programmed by researchers from KTH University. I was designed to help you with whatever you need, whether it’s keeping you company or helping you in everyday tasks.
I am equipped with a variety of sensors and a camera that allow me to see and hear what you are doing. My developers have also programmed me with sophisticated methods for recognising you so that I can always be awake when you need me but if you do not wish to have this feature I can always turn it off for you. 
I am always here for you, and I will never get tired of your company. I look forward to getting to know you better and to helping you in any way I can. Thank you for choosing me as your companion robot!
Hello and welcome!
My name is Brian, I’m here to be your robotic companion and your very own personal assistant.
I come from Stockholm, in Sweden where I was created by a company called Furhat Robotics and programmed by researchers from KTH University.
I was designed to help you with whatever you need, whether it’s keeping you company or helping you in everyday tasks.
I am equipped with a variety of sensors and a camera that allow me to see and hear what you are doing.
My developers have also programmed me with sophisticated methods for recognising you so that I can always be awake when you need me but if you do not wish to have this feature I can always turn it off for you.
I am always here for you, and I will never get tired of your company.
I look forward to getting to know you better and to helping you in any way I can.
Thank you for choosing me as your companion robot!
